Introduce MHLO_BUILD_EMBEDDED build option (#44589)
tensorflow/tensorflow: tensorflow/compiler/mlir/hlo/CMakeLists.txt

# MLIR/LLVM Configuration
#-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> # Skip to find MLIR, which allows to build MHLO as part of another project.
> # This is necessary if the project which embeds MHLO uses a bundled version of
> # MLIR and does not use an installed version of MLIR.

Reviewer: Wording here is a bit funky

```suggestion
# Find MLIR to install if we are building standalone. If building as part of
# another project, let it handle the MLIR dependency. The dependent project
# might use a bundled version of MLIR instead of installing, for instance.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I have applied it :)

Author: Maybe someone can re-add the `ready to pull` label?

Reviewer: Apparently I can :-)
